CardBrandView Rebuild (#9011)
stripe/stripe-android: CHANGELOG.md

## XX.XX.XX - 20XX-XX-XX

### Payments

> [FIXED][9011](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/9011) Rebuild CardBrandView using native views instead of compose to prevent crashes when used with React Native and base android `Activity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FIXED][9011](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/9011) Fixed an issue where rendering Card Element in React Native and the base `Activity` would cause a crash.
```
